What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

Upon initialization, a .git directory is created which tracks changes to all files
added to the repository. Without initializing, the changes will not be tracked.


How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

The staging area is a temporary directory where files are collected for a single commit.
Having a staging area allows the user to make sure that they have properly selected
the files they want to include in a particular commit.


How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

Only choose the files associated with one logical change to enter the staging area.


What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized?
How would branches help?

Branches are useful when you want to experiment with new features while leaving the working
version untouched. Branches allow you to add such experimental features freely
without fear of messing up your master branch version.


How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

Diagrams make it easy to see the linear progression of commits as well as where
new branches deviate from the master branch. When trying to debug, they can also
help one determine which commits to reexamine.


What is the result of merging two branches together?
Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

When two branches are merged, all of the commits in the two branches are put together.
This means that the changes in the two branches and various updates and compiled
into a single branch. The old commits can still be accessed by 'git log', so in the
diagram, the commits of both branches become parents of the new commit.


What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

Automatic merging saves a lot of time as manual merging of entire commits can be tedious.
Manual commits take a bit more work and may require more collaboration with others
if they branches were not all made by you. s
